<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>MIT License - Developer Ella</title>
    <link
      rel="stylesheet"
      href="https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/6.4.0/css/all.min.css"
    />
    <style>
      * {
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
        box-sizing: border-box;
      }

      body {
        font-family: "Segoe UI", Tahoma, Geneva, Verdana, sans-serif;
        line-height: 1.6;
        color: #2d3748;
        background: linear-gradient(135deg, #f5f7fa 0%, #c3cfe2 100%);
        min-height: 100vh;
        padding: 20px;
      }

      .container {
        max-width: 900px;
        margin: 0 auto;
        background: white;
        border-radius: 12px;
        box-shadow: 0 10px 30px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
        overflow: hidden;
      }

      header {
        background: #4a5568;
        color: white;
        padding: 30px;
        text-align: center;
      }

      header h1 {
        font-size: 2.5rem;
        margin-bottom: 10px;
      }

      header p {
        opacity: 0.9;
        font-size: 1.1rem;
      }

      .license-content {
        padding: 40px;
      }

      .license-text {
        background: #f8f9fa;
        border-left: 4px solid #4a5568;
        padding: 25px;
        margin: 25px 0;
        font-family: "Courier New", monospace;
        white-space: pre-wrap;
        border-radius: 0 8px 8px 0;
      }

      .actions {
        display: flex;
        justify-content: center;
        gap: 15px;
        margin: 30px 0;
      }

      .btn {
        padding: 12px 25px;
        border: none;
        border-radius: 6px;
        font-weight: 600;
        cursor: pointer;
        transition: all 0.3s ease;
        display: flex;
        align-items: center;
        gap: 8px;
      }

      .btn-primary {
        background: #4a5568;
        color: white;
      }

      .btn-primary:hover {
        background: #2d3748;
      }

      .btn-secondary {
        background: #e2e8f0;
        color: #4a5568;
      }

      .btn-secondary:hover {
        background: #cbd5e0;
      }

      .copyright {
        text-align: center;
        padding: 20px;
        border-top: 1px solid #e2e8f0;
        color: #718096;
        font-size: 0.9rem;
      }

      .icon {
        font-size: 1.2rem;
        margin-right: 5px;
      }

      h2 {
        color: #2d3748;
        margin: 25px 0 15px;
        padding-bottom: 10px;
        border-bottom: 2px solid #e2e8f0;
      }

      p {
        margin-bottom: 15px;
      }

      .notification {
        position: fixed;
        top: 20px;
        right: 20px;
        background: #48bb78;
        color: white;
        padding: 15px 25px;
        border-radius: 8px;
        box-shadow: 0 5px 15px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.15);
        transform: translateX(100%);
        transition: transform 0.3s ease;
        z-index: 1000;
      }

      .notification.show {
        transform: translateX(0);
      }

      @media (max-width: 768px) {
        .container {
          margin: 0 10px;
        }

        header h1 {
          font-size: 2rem;
        }

        .license-content {
          padding: 25px;
        }

        .actions {
          flex-direction: column;
        }
      }
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <div class="container">
      <header>
        <h1><i class="fas fa-balance-scale icon"></i> MIT License</h1>
        <p>Open Source License for Developer Ella's Portfolio</p>
      </header>

      <div class="license-content">
        <h2>License Terms</h2>
        <p>
          This page contains the MIT License terms for Developer Ella's
          portfolio website. You are free to use this code under the terms of
          the MIT License.
        </p>

        <div class="license-text">
          Copyright (c) 2023 Developer Ella Permission is hereby granted, free
          of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
          associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the
          Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
          to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
          sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
          Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
          The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
          included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
          SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
          IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
          MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
          IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
          CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
          TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
          SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
        </div>

        <div class="actions">
          <button class="btn btn-primary" onclick="copyLicenseText()">
            <i class="fas fa-copy"></i> Copy License Text
          </button>
          <button class="btn btn-secondary" onclick="downloadLicense()">
            <i class="fas fa-download"></i> Download LICENSE.txt
          </button>
        </div>

        <h2>About the MIT License</h2>
        <p>
          The MIT License is a permissive free software license that allows
          reuse of code within proprietary software provided all copies of the
          licensed software include a copy of the MIT License terms and the
          copyright notice.
        </p>

        <p>
          This license is compatible with many other licenses and is one of the
          most popular open source licenses. It provides flexibility for
          developers to use the code in their projects with minimal
          restrictions.
        </p>
      </div>

      <div class="copyright">
        <p>
          Â© 2023 Developer Ella. This content is released under the MIT License.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>

    <div class="notification" id="notification">
      License text copied to clipboard!
    </div>

    <script>
      function copyLicenseText() {
        const licenseText = `Copyright (c) 2023 Developer Ella

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.`;

        navigator.clipboard.writeText(licenseText).then(() => {
          showNotification();
        });
      }

      function downloadLicense() {
        const licenseText = `Copyright (c) 2023 Developer Ella

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.`;

        const blob = new Blob([licenseText], { type: "text/plain" });
        const url = URL.createObjectURL(blob);
        const a = document.createElement("a");
        a.href = url;
        a.download = "LICENSE.txt";
        document.body.appendChild(a);
        a.click();
        document.body.removeChild(a);
        URL.revokeObjectURL(url);
      }

      function showNotification() {
        const notification = document.getElementById("notification");
        notification.classList.add("show");

        setTimeout(() => {
          notification.classList.remove("show");
        }, 3000);
      }
    </script>
  </body>
</html>
